Now, where do I start? Ah yes from the beginning. There were once two brothers,
named Yone and Yasuo, both brothers were very close to each other and had a great
love for the other. They were also extraordinary swordsmen. Both brothers studied
under the same master and learned the same sword style - The Ionian wind style.
Yasuo the younger of the two was quick to master the winds - but this made him
arrogant and cocky. Yone the older was not as skilled but much more
experienced and creative with his utilization of the winds. Together both were
unstoppable. They each made up for the other's weakness and caused all their
enemies to fear them greatly, it seemed nothing could pose a challenge to the
two of them...

But that all changed when Noxus attacked. During the Noxian invasion of Ionia,
the nation was ravaged with the telltale signs of war. When the brother's
village was attacked the local soldiers struggled to keep back the invading
army. As the casualties began to pile up, Yone was tasked with assisting the front
lines in making a desperate offensive. Yasuo was tasked with defending their master.
Yasuo saw this as a useless task and was desperate to show off his skills in battle.
Believing he could turn the tide himself Yasuo left their master's side...This would
prove to be one of the biggest mistakes he ever made.

While gone, the brother's master was mysteriously killed. Upon finding the body the
Villagers accused Yasuo of the crime as he was the one tasked with his protection
This resulted in Yasuo desperately having to flee the village.

All this happened 10 years ago. Since then many people have come to collect the
bounty on Yasuo's head - he has even had to kill his brother. Now Yasuo has
tasked me with helping vindicate his name and find the truth behind what happened
that night.
Now I give that task to you. I know this is selfish of me but I need your help
But before you begin your journey you will require strength. I will transport you
to a location where you will gain the strength you need.

...keep faith traveler
*whispers*
...you will need it
